# hello-world
My first repository!
Hello world! Sam here, and I'm excited to announce that I'll be attempting to learn to code so that I can make the world a little bit better!
My primary goal will be to focus on how humans can better analyze their strengths and weaknesses. I'll begin with the workplace, but hope that eventually there will be no boundaries for this kind of software. I believe that too often we assume we understand where we excel and where we fall short. The reality of our value and cost to the world can be made more explicit through data, and with that data we can make more informed decisions about where we belong, how to learn and grow, and how to accomplish what we want to as individuals and as a larger society. 
Let us be more honest with ourselves about where we truly are in the present moment. Data allows us to be more honest. A world with less data is inherently a less honest world. Uncertainty, when it is unnecessary, will always create opportunities for those with baser instincts.
There is almost no end to the utility of being able to better judge human beings based on data. Techniques for learning will be refined. We will understand limitations better and be able to benchmark the quality of our decisions probabilistically. We will understand at which point in someone's career they are most productive. We will understand the type of people who work best together and be able to foster those collaborations. We can identify opportunities which are more suitable for people from a productivity standpoint, or from a pleasure standpoint.
Of course any system comes with biases, and worse, mistakes; however, this is not a reason to discard the whole endeavor. We must begin this work so that at some point it can cross that threshold and be more valuable than the distributed systems of value we use today.
